README.md, before:

# Project name: Exploratory Data Analysis 
 - Author: Jason A. Ballard
  
 - Date project start:  February 11, 2024
  
 - Data Project complete: 

## ref: datafun-06-eda

## Overview

## 📥 Deliverables 


## 🐼 External Dependencies 🪐
The project will install and import the following dependencies:
* jupyterlab
* pandas
* pyarrow
* matplotlib
* seaborn

## Objective ✖️
Perform and publish a custom EDA project to demonstrate skills learned up to this pooint in the course

## Explore Datasets 🤯


## Requirements 📋

### ⛰️ 1. Environment Setup 

### 🐎 2. Project Start 

### 🐤 3. Import Dependencies 

### 🔬 4. Exploratory Data Analysis 

#### 🛰️ a. Data Acquisition 

#### 🔍 b. Initial Data Inspection

#### 🎨 c. Descriptive analysis

#### 🧮 d. Data distro (Numerical)

#### 🔠 e. Data distro (catagorical)

#### 👽 f. Data Transformation and Feature engineering

#### 📊 g. Data Visualizations

#### 📖 h. Storytelling

## ⚡ Notebook Design ⚡

### 👍 Good thing

### 👎 Bad thing

## Notebook Design 🌉

## Notebook Structure and Documentation 📝

## Notebook Execution

Commit message:

update readme file with Data set description

README.md, after:

# Project name: Exploratory Data Analysis 
 - Author: Jason A. Ballard
  
 - Date project start:  February 11, 2024
  
 - Data Project complete: 

## ref: datafun-06-eda

## Overview

## 📥 Deliverables 


## 🐼 External Dependencies 🪐
The project will install and import the following dependencies:
* jupyterlab
* pandas
* pyarrow
* matplotlib
* seaborn

## Objective ✖️
Perform and publish a custom EDA project to demonstrate skills learned up to this pooint in the course

## Explore Datasets 🤯 
The dateset for this project is the Wine quality dataset from the University of Californina-Irvine 
https://github.com/uci-ml-repo/ucimlrepo.git

🍷 The Wine Quality Dataset, hosted by the UCI Machine Learning Repository, is widely recognized and utilized for educational and research endeavors within the data science community, especially for tasks related to regression and classification analyses. What makes this dataset compelling is its blend of real-world data with the intriguing challenge of forecasting a subjective result—the quality of wine—through the lens of objective metrics.

🍷This dataset holds significant value for both students and practitioners eager to hone their skills in data preprocessing, exploratory data analysis, and deploying diverse machine learning models. It presents a real-world case with a subjective outcome, offering a captivating challenge in leveraging objective data to forecast subjective attributes.

### Source document citation:
Cortez,Paulo, Cerdeira,A., Almeida,F., Matos,T., and Reis,J.. (2009). 
Wine Quality. UCI Machine Learning Repository. https://doi.org/10.24432/C56S3T.


## Requirements 📋

### ⛰️ 1. Environment Setup 

### 🐎 2. Project Start 

### 🐤 3. Import Dependencies 

### 🔬 4. Exploratory Data Analysis 

#### 🛰️ a. Data Acquisition 

#### 🔍 b. Initial Data Inspection

#### 🎨 c. Descriptive analysis

#### 🧮 d. Data distro (Numerical)

#### 🔠 e. Data distro (catagorical)

#### 👽 f. Data Transformation and Feature engineering

#### 📊 g. Data Visualizations

#### 📖 h. Storytelling

## ⚡ Notebook Design ⚡

### 👍 Good thing

### 👎 Bad thing

## Notebook Design 🌉

## Notebook Structure and Documentation 📝

## Notebook Execution
